I know we've done that before we just
want to put a bigger body on them
especially if we decide to switch
pick-and-rolls and do other things and
you know chris is a great player and he
can beat to himself and you know when at
fourth quarter comes he turns it up a
notch and so we just wanted to try to
get some light on it and I'll to make
him shoot over a hand that's obviously
such as what's hot water for meta you
know between out good always and that
speed how long have a duration do you
think you can keep him on the console
not that long because he's involved in a
lot of picking roles and he's running
better around and you know not only
abettors Achilles a little sore too and
you know but the good thing about it is
he's you know he's dropped the weight
and he can do that and you know we may I
wish I can hope I can fake like we put
them on Jack yet in the games you know
so we don't want to do it for long
stretches but you know in a tight ball
game with you know four minutes ago can
we do it 34 minutes ago yeah we can as
long as we've given him enough rest and
you know that was a big play you know
that he tapped when he tapped the ball
away from from Chris Paul so responses
yes pickle Scotsman and
if we can count and we can keep it there
regarding the physicality that Blake's
I'm sure don't how do you think you're
responding collar on there the power
play the tripit game you know Blake's is
no he's an all-star tough cover and they
do a lot of things for them and so I
thought how did a nice job trying to
make late work for his points what Blake
does that when after they're talking to
stood over it feels it that's like a
galvanizing force at all when all the
guys see him do that I kind of want to
stand up for everybody it's a big word
what is galvanized it kind of like it
brings everybody together on yeah
unifying shed unified the Clippers no
you guys oh you know when they so he saw
with the subway extent of Republic that
the rest of guys kind of look at that
and say okay hey maybe I'm enjoy an you
have to ask you because I mean I think I
I don't know but it could I don't know
good how do you think Vermont is meshing
the combination of the speed game and
then just giving it up to Drew and
because he's getting a better feel for
that I mean he's really starting to get
a nice feel for using the speed they
utilizing a pick-and-roll game because
if there's a lot of times i mean III
right now i mean i'd sit back and he
makes the play calls quite a bit and so
he mixes them up very well get the ball
to Kobe and sometimes wave and Kobe off
and getting the ball to power sometimes
waving pile off and getting the ball to
Andrew and you know he's doing a nice
job with that